---
title: 英语作文模板
tags:
  - 总结
  - 英语
categories: 学习
abbrlink: 1440ab84
date: 2023-03-28 23:00:00
---
# 英语作文模板

## **答题性议论文**

Currently,there is a widespread concern over(the issue that)<u>作文题目</u>.It is really an important concern to every one of us.As a result,we must spare no efforts to take some measures to solve this problem.

As we know that there are many steps which can be taken to undo this problem.First of all,<u>途径一</u>.In  addition,another way contributing to success of the solving problem is <u>途径二</u>.

Above all,to solve the problem of <u>作文题目</u>,we should find a number of various ways.But as far as I am concerned,I would prefer to solve the problem in this way,that is to say,<u>方法</u>.

## **利弊型的议论文**

Nowadays,there is a widespread concern over(the issue that)<u>作文题目</u>.In fact,there are both advantages and disadvantages in <u>题目议题</u>.Generally speaking,it is widely believed there are several positive aspects as follows.Firstly,<u>优点一</u>.And secondly <u>优点二</u>.

Just As a popular saying goes,"every coin has two sides",讨论议题 is no exception,and in another word,it still has negative aspects.To begin with,<u>缺点一</u>.In  addition,<u>缺点二</u>.

To sum up,we should try to bring the advantages of <u>讨论议题</u> into full play,and reduce the disadvantages to the minimum at the same.In that case,we will definitely make a better use of the <u>讨论议题</u>.

## **议论文的框架**

1. 不同观点列举型（选择型）

There is a widespread concern over the issue that <u>作文题目</u>.But it is well known that the opinion concerning this hot topic varies from person to person.A majority of people think that <u>观点一</u>.In their views there are two factors contributing to this attitude as follows: in the first place,<u>原因一</u>.Furthermore,in the second place,<u>原因二</u>.So it goes without saying that <u>观点三</u>.

People,however,differ in their opinions on this matter.Some people hold the idea that <u>观点二</u>.In their point of view,on the one hand，<u>原因一</u>.On the other hand,<u>原因二</u>.Therefore,there is no doubt that <u>观点三</u>.

As far as I am concerned,I firmly support the view that <u>观点一或二</u>.It is not only because<u>原因一</u> ,but also because<u>原因二</u> .The more we are aware of the significance of 。。。。,the more benefits we will get in our daily study and job.

2. **谚语警句性议论文**

It is well known to us that the proverb: "<u>谚语</u>"has a profound significance and value not only in our job but also in our study.It means<u>谚语的含义</u>.The saying can be illustrated through a series of examples as follows.(also theoretically)

A case in point is <u>例子一</u>.Therefore,it is goes without saying that it is of great of importance to practice the proverb <u>谚语</u>.

With the rapid development of science and technology in China,an increasing number of people come to realize that it is also of practical use to stick to the saying: <u>谚语</u>.The more we are aware of the significance of this famous saying,the more benefits we will get in our daily study and job.

3. **问题解决型作文模板**

With the＿＿＿＿of＿＿＿＿，So it is of great importance for us to＿＿＿＿.On the one hand＿＿＿＿,On the other hand＿＿＿＿,

However,we have figured out many ways to＿＿＿＿＿．Firstly,＿＿＿＿So long as＿＿＿＿.Secondly＿＿＿＿,Thirdly＿＿＿＿．In fact＿＿＿＿,That is because＿＿＿＿.

In a word,＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿．

4. **现象说明文**

Recently＿＿＿＿ ,what amazes us most is＿＿＿＿,it is ture that＿＿＿＿.

There are many reasons explaining＿＿＿＿.The main reason is＿＿＿＿.

what is more＿＿＿＿.thirdly＿＿＿＿.As a result＿＿＿＿.

Considering all there,＿＿＿＿.For one thing＿＿＿＿,for another＿＿＿＿

In Conclusion＿＿＿＿.　　一种事物或现象（负面意义倾向）